We are going to incorporate more detailed molecular descriptors to capture differences between the various anionic forms.
 We will calculate descriptors such as:
   - Partial charges (Gasteiger or from DFT if available)
   - Dipole moment
   - Molecular orbital energies (HOMO, LUMO) if available from DFT
   - Solvent accessible surface area (SASA)
   - Hydrogen bond counts (donor, acceptor)
   - Aromaticity indices
   - Topological descriptors (Wiener index, etc.)
 However, note that some of these (like DFT properties) require quantum chemical calculations.
 Since we are working with pre-optimized structures, we can compute some of these from the 3D structures.
 Steps:
 1. For each anion and the neutral, we will compute a set of advanced descriptors.
 2. We will then use these descriptors in a more refined solubility model.
 Let's assume we have the 3D structures with charges (from the previous step).
 We'll create a new class that computes these advanced descriptors.
 Note: We are limited by what RDKit can compute without DFT.
 We'll focus on:
   - Partial charges (Gasteiger)
   - Dipole moment (if we have 3D structure with charges)
   - Solvent accessible surface area (SASA)
   - Hydrogen bonding descriptors
   - Aromaticity descriptors
   - Topological descriptors (like Wiener index, Balaban J, etc.)
 We'll then use these in the solubility prediction.
 However, note that the previous model already used some of these. We are now extending it.
 Let's create a function to calculate these advanced descriptors.
 We'll also try to differentiate the anions by the specific deprotonation site by looking at the charge on the oxygen.
 Since we have the MOL files with charges, we can get the charge on the deprotonated oxygen and its environment.
 We can also compute the charge delocalization in the anion.
 Let's design the descriptor set:
 1. Charge on the deprotonated oxygen
 2. Sum of negative charges on the molecule
 3. Dipole moment magnitude
 4. Solvent accessible surface area (SASA)
 5. Hydrogen bond donor and acceptor counts (already have, but we can also compute potential H-bond counts considering the charge)
 6. Wiener index (topological)
 7. Balaban J (topological)
 8. Number of aromatic rings
 9. ... and others.
 We'll then build a model that uses these descriptors.
 However, without experimental data to train on, we can only use heuristic rules.
 Alternatively, we can use a simple linear model with weights obtained from literature or expert knowledge.
 Given the complexity, we might just output the descriptors and then use them in a separate analysis.
 But for the purpose of this task, let's assume we want to use these descriptors to refine the solubility prediction.
 We'll create a new function that uses these advanced descriptors in the solubility prediction.
 We'll modify the `predict_solubility_advanced` function to include these descriptors.
 Since we don't have a trained model, we'll use a heuristic formula that incorporates these descriptors.
 Let's define:
 logS = base_value + w1*(charge_on_O) + w2*(dipole_moment) + w3*(SASA) + ... 
 We need to set the weights (w1, w2, ...) based on chemical intuition.
 Alternatively, we can use a linear model from literature if available.
 However, this is complex and might be beyond the scope.
 Given the time, we might just compute the descriptors and then use them in a qualitative way.
 But let's try to compute as many descriptors as possible and then see if we can see trends.
 We'll create a function to calculate the advanced descriptors for a molecule.
 Steps for the advanced descriptor calculation:
 1. Gasteiger charges (already computed in the previous step)
 2. Dipole moment: we can compute from the 3D structure and charges.
 3. SASA: using RDKit's ComputeMolSurf with the option to include SASA.
 4. Topological descriptors: Wiener index, Balaban J, etc.
 Note: RDKit does not have a direct function for dipole moment. We have to compute it ourselves from the charges and coordinates.
 Let's write a helper function to compute the dipole moment.
 We'll also compute the following:
   - The charge on the deprotonated oxygen (for anions)
   - The average negative charge on oxygen atoms
   - The number of atoms with significant negative charge (e.g., < -0.5)
 We'll then add these to the descriptor set.
 We'll then adjust the solubility prediction based on these.
 Since we don't have a validated model, we'll use the following heuristic:
 For anions:
   logS = base_logS + (charge_on_deprotonated_O * w_charge) + (dipole_moment * w_dipole) + (SASA * w_SASA) + ...
 We'll set the weights arbitrarily to see the relative differences.
 Alternatively, we can just output the descriptors and let the user interpret.
 Given the instructions, we are to incorporate these descriptors and refine the model.
 Let's assume we want to see the relative solubility differences between the anions.
 We'll set the base_logS from the previous model and then adjust by the new descriptors.
 We'll set the weights such that the adjustments are in the order of 0.1 to 1.0.
 This is very heuristic.
 Alternatively, we can use a machine learning model if we had data.
 Since we don't, we'll just compute the descriptors and then use a simple linear combination.
 We'll create a new function for the advanced model.
 Let's code the advanced descriptor calculation first.
