We are going to refine the model to better handle ionic species and differentiate between different deprotonation sites.
 Steps:
 1. We note that the previous model treated all anions the same, but in reality, the position of deprotonation may affect the solubility.
 2. We will calculate additional descriptors that might capture the differences between the anions, such as:
    - Partial charges on atoms (especially the oxygen and the ring)
    - Distribution of charge in the molecule
    - Dipole moment
    - Solvent accessible surface area (SASA) of the charged group
 3. We will use a more sophisticated model, such as a machine learning model, if we have enough data (but we don't have experimental data for training). 
    Alternatively, we can use physical properties to adjust the solubility prediction.
 However, without experimental data, we can try to use quantum chemically derived properties to adjust the LSER model.
 Approach for refinement:
  - Use the DFT-optimized structures (from ORCA) to calculate more accurate descriptors.
  - Calculate the electrostatic potential (ESP) derived charges (e.g., Merz-Kollman charges) to get a better description of the charge distribution.
  - Calculate the dipole moment and use it to adjust the polarity descriptor.
 Since we don't have the DFT results yet, we can try to use approximate methods from RDKit to get partial charges and dipole moments.
 Let's try to use RDKit to calculate:
   - Gasteiger charges (approximate partial charges)
   - Dipole moment (using these charges)
 But note: RDKit's dipole moment calculation is based on Gasteiger charges and is not very accurate, but it might be enough for relative comparisons.
 Alternatively, we can use the MOL files we have (with 3D coordinates) and compute these properties.
 Steps for the refined model:
 1. For each anion and the neutral molecule, compute:
    - Gasteiger charges
    - Dipole moment (vector and magnitude)
    - The charge on the deprotonated oxygen and its environment
 2. Use these to adjust the Abraham descriptors, especially the S (polarity) and B (H-bond basicity) parameters.
 3. Alternatively, we can try to build a linear model that uses the Abraham descriptors and the new descriptors.
 However, without experimental data, we can only do relative adjustments.
 Let's create a new class that computes additional descriptors and then adjusts the solubility prediction.
 We will focus on the differences between the anions.
 Implementation:
  - We will compute for each anion:
        * The magnitude of the dipole moment
        * The partial charge on the deprotonated oxygen
        * The sum of partial charges on the aromatic ring attached to the deprotonated oxygen
  - Then, we will adjust the solubility prediction by considering the stability of the anion (which might relate to the charge distribution) and its polarity.
  - We assume that a more stable anion (with better charge delocalization) might be more soluble.
  - We can adjust the Abraham prediction by a term proportional to the dipole moment and the charge on the oxygen.
 Since we don't have a validated model, we will do a relative adjustment:
   Adjusted_logS = Abraham_logS + w1 * (dipole_moment) + w2 * (charge_on_O) + w3 * (ring_charge)
 But we don't know the weights. Alternatively, we can use the following reasoning:
   - A larger dipole moment might increase solubility (more polar)
   - A more negative charge on the oxygen might make it a stronger base and potentially more soluble, but also might be less stable and less soluble? 
     Actually, in water, a more localized charge might be better solvated, but if the charge is delocalized, the anion might be more stable and thus more soluble.
 This is complex. Instead, let's just compute these additional descriptors and see if they vary between the anions.
 If they do, then we can adjust the solubility values relative to each other.
 Steps:
  1. For each anion, compute:
        - Dipole moment magnitude
        - Charge on the deprotonated oxygen
        - Sum of charges on the ring that the oxygen is attached to (maybe 6 atoms of the ring)
  2. Normalize these values and then adjust the solubility by a factor that is proportional to the normalized values.
  3. We'll assume that higher dipole moment and more delocalized charge (less negative on oxygen and more spread on the ring) lead to higher solubility.
  4. We'll adjust the solubility within a reasonable range (maybe 0.5 log units) to differentiate the anions.
 Let's implement this.
 Note: We are making many assumptions, but the goal is to differentiate the anions.
 We'll create a new function that computes these additional descriptors and then adjusts the solubility.
 However, note: the previous adjusted solubility for anions was capped at 1.0. We might want to remove the cap and then adjust relatively.
 Alternatively, we can use the Abraham_logS (which was around -31.95 for all) and then add a relative term.
 Since the absolute values are not meaningful, we'll focus on relative differences.
 Implementation plan:
  1. Compute the additional descriptors for each anion.
  2. Normalize each descriptor to have zero mean and unit variance across the four anions.
  3. Define a combined score: 
        score = (dipole_moment_normalized) + (negative of charge_on_O_normalized) + (ring_charge_normalized)
     Why negative of charge_on_O? Because a less negative charge (more delocalized) might be better.
  4. Then, adjust the solubility by: new_logS = original_logS + 0.1 * score (so that the adjustments are small, maybe 0.5 log units total range)
 But note: We don't have the original_logS for the anions from the Abraham model that was around -31.95, but we adjusted it to 1.0. 
   We might want to go back to the Abraham_logS and then adjust relatively, and then reapply the empirical correction that brought it to the reasonable range.
 Alternatively, we can adjust the adjusted_logS (which is 1.0 for all) by a small amount.
 Since we don't know the absolute values, let's just adjust the adjusted_logS by a small amount (say, up to ±0.5) based on the additional descriptors.
 Steps:
   For the anions:
      Let base_logS = 1.0 (the adjusted value we had for all)
      Then, compute the additional descriptors and normalize across the four anions.
      Then, adjust: new_logS = base_logS + 0.5 * (score - min(score)) / (max(score)-min(score)) - 0.25
      This will map the scores to adjustments between -0.25 and +0.25, so the new_logS will be between 0.75 and 1.25.
 But wait, we want the most soluble to have the highest logS.
 Alternatively, we can rank the anions and assign logS values in a range, say 0.5 to 1.5.
 However, let's first compute the additional descriptors and see if there are differences.
 We'll write a function to compute:
   - Dipole moment (using RDKit, from 3D coordinates and Gasteiger charges)
   - Charge on the deprotonated oxygen (we know which oxygen was deprotonated by the atom index we removed the hydrogen from)
   - Sum of charges on the aromatic ring that the oxygen is attached to.
 Note: We need to know which oxygen was deprotonated for each anion. In our previous code, we stored the oxygen index in the tuple `phenol_oxys`.
   We need to pass that information to this function.
 Since we are processing the anions from MOL files, we don't have that information in the MOL file. We need to store it.
 Alternatively, we can look for the oxygen atom with a formal charge of -1 (we set it in the MOL file). But note: the MOL file might not have formal charges.
 Let's check: when we saved the MOL file, we set the formal charge on the oxygen. So we can find the oxygen with formal charge -1.
 Steps for each anion MOL file:
  1. Find the oxygen atom with formal charge -1.
  2. Get its partial charge (Gasteiger charge)
  3. Get the ring that this oxygen is attached to (the oxygen is attached to an aromatic carbon)
  4. Get the sum of partial charges of the atoms in that ring.
 How to get the ring? We can get the neighbor of the oxygen (which is a carbon in an aromatic ring) and then get the ring that contains that carbon.
 Let's implement.
 Note: This is getting complex and the results might be approximate, but it's for relative comparison.
 We'll create a new class that extends the previous one.
 Due to the complexity and time, I'll provide a simplified version that only uses the dipole moment and the charge on the oxygen.
 We'll compute:
   dipole_moment: magnitude in Debye
   charge_on_O: Gasteiger charge of the deprotonated oxygen
 Then, we'll combine them:
   We want solubility to increase with dipole moment (more polar) and to increase with charge delocalization (less negative charge on O).
   So we can define: score = dipole_moment - (charge_on_O)   [because charge_on_O is negative, so subtracting it makes it positive and larger]
   Then, we'll normalize the score across the four anions and adjust the solubility.
 Let's do it.
 Implementation:
  1. For each anion, compute the dipole moment and the charge on the deprotonated oxygen.
  2. Compute the score for each anion.
  3. Map the score to an adjustment between -0.5 and 0.5.
  4. Adjust the solubility: new_logS = 1.0 + adjustment
 Code:
  We'll add a method to the ImprovedLSERSolubilityPredictor class.
  Note: We assume we have the MOL files for the anions.
  We'll use RDKit to compute Gasteiger charges and then the dipole moment.
  How to compute dipole moment in RDKit:
      from rdkit.Chem import rdMolTransforms
      from rdkit.Chem.rdMolTransforms import ComputeCentroid
      import numpy as np
      # Compute Gasteiger charges
      Chem.rdPartialCharges.ComputeGasteigerCharges(mol)
      # Get conformer
      conf = mol.GetConformer()
      # Initialize dipole moment components
      dipole_x, dipole_y, dipole_z = 0.0, 0.0, 0.0
      center = ComputeCentroid(conf)
      for atom in mol.GetAtoms():
          pos = conf.GetAtomPosition(atom.GetIdx())
          charge = atom.GetDoubleProp("_GasteigerCharge")
          dipole_x += charge * (pos.x - center.x)
          dipole_y += charge * (pos.y - center.y)
          dipole_z += charge * (pos.z - center.z)
      dipole_moment = np.sqrt(dipole_x**2 + dipole_y**2 + dipole_z**2) * 2.5418  # Convert to Debye
  Then, for the deprotonated oxygen, we find the atom with formal charge -1 and atomic number 8.
  Let's code accordingly.
  We'll create a function to compute these properties for a given mol.
  Then, we'll adjust the solubility for the anions.
  We'll update the predict_all_structures method to include this adjustment for anions.
  Let's do it step by step.
  Due to the complexity, I'll provide the code for the refined model.
  Note: This is speculative and intended for relative ranking only.
  We'll create a new class: RefinedLSERSolubilityPredictor
  We'll inherit from ImprovedLSERSolubilityPredictor and override the prediction for anions.
  Steps:
    - For the neutral molecule, we use the parent's method.
    - For anions, we compute the additional descriptors and adjust.
  Let's code.
